Add article about the vision behind Cozy Coder project (#4)
cozycoder-dev/cozycoder.dev: content/blog/cozycoder-vision/index.md

I also used Github Copilot in VS Code for a while. But then I switched Neovim and Copilot became less useful. So I canceled my Copilot subscription and stopped using it. I prefer to use an excellent editor without AI over picking my editor based on its AI capabilities. And in general I don't find AI autocompletion very useful. The main feature of Copilot I used, was the chat. Chat is probably the best way to interact with a LLM today.

But I am not very satisfied with the limited experience of chats. Let's take a simple example:
You are setting up a new project - e.g. a microservice with an API in your enterprise environment. You start asking Copilot to add a HTTP server and an endpoint. You ask it for a database connection and some SQL to query the database. You get pretty far with it just by letting Copilot generate all the boilerplate code for you. Then you copy it to files and commit them. The next time, you wanna setup a new project, you start from scratch.

> But why? Why can't you just fork the previous chat at some point to reuse some parts of the conversation to create another project? Why can't the LLM just take the generated code and create a pull request in your companies Github enterprise installation? Why can't you share the conversation with your colleagues, so they can fork it and reuse it as well?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But why? Why can't you just fork the previous chat at some point to reuse some parts of the conversation to create another project? Why can't the LLM just take the generated code and create a pull request in your companies Github Enterprise installation? Why can't you share the conversation with your colleagues, so they can fork it and reuse it as well?
```

Consistency. You use capital `Enterprise` below. :)

Let's imagine a tool that gives developers more control and go through the above example:
You start a conversation with a LLM to generate you new project. Of course, it will also run the generated code on your local machine automatically to prove it is working. Once your initial project setup is done, a pull request is provided that can be reviewed by your colleagues. Of course, your colleagues will have access to chat, which is linked in the pull request. Next time one of your colleagues wants to setup another project, they just fork your conversation at some point and continue a new conversation from that point on instead of talking to the LLM from scratch. Since new projects are created frequently in your company, someone is taking your conversation and introduces some parameters to it to use it as a template. Now you have a reusable conversation template that you can simply trigger from your terminal, provide few details (e.g. a project name) and get the code generated.

Of course, not every company creates so many new projects. But this is just one example to show what could be possible, if we were using LLMs more efficiently.

## Designed for your Laptop not the Cloud

> The above example gives a rough idea of what you as a software developer should be able to do with Cozy Coder. But to make the tool really good, it obviously must run on your laptop.

Reviewer: Stylistic suggestions. Keeps the tone but may enhance fluidity. Only a suggestion.

> Many developers use CLIs and they can easily be used within scripts to automate tasks. As Cozy Coder is designed for developers, it must provide a proper CLI. But also the access to the file system is important to directly modify local files, if you want to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many developers use CLIs which can easily be used within scripts to automate tasks. As Cozy Coder is designed for developers, it must provide a proper CLI. But also the access to the file system is important to directly modify local files, if you want to.
```

> Many developers use CLIs and they can easily be used within scripts to automate tasks. As Cozy Coder is designed for developers, it must provide a proper CLI. But also the access to the file system is important to directly modify local files, if you want to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many developers use CLIs and they can easily be used within scripts to automate tasks. As Cozy Coder is designed for developers, it must provide a proper CLI. Also, access to the file system is important to directly modify local files, if you want to.
```

There is no contradiction necessary :) only additions. This makes it feel easier to read.

One last remark about "if you want to". If the point you are trying to convey is really "only if they user _really_ wants to allow the LLM access to the file system" then keep it.

If the point you want to convey is, "when I need the LLM to change things" it is better as ", when you want it to."

Even more important are the constraints of large enterprises. In the last decade, I haven't worked for a single large company here in Europe that did not host their own Github Enterprise or Gitlab or similar tool. The code is capitalized and must to be kept secret. Hosting the code on a self-hosted Github Enterprise that is only accessible from your VPN is how you achieve this. So why should one of those companies start sending code to some LLM hosted in the cloud? Everything that runs locally on your laptop is significantly easier to use within larger enterprises.

> Cozy Coder will of course not be limited to local LLMs, but they will always be the preferred choice and well supported. Ideally we will all together achieve the usage of local LLMs, where possible and only use the cloud based ones, where necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cozy Coder will of course not be limited to local LLMs but they will always be the preferred choice and well supported. Ideally, we will all together achieve the usage of local LLMs, where possible and only use the cloud based ones, where necessary.
```

> Of course, Cozy Coder will also have a server side part. But it will be mainly for enabling sharing and collaboration as well backups of data.

Reviewer: Double use of "of course". If I may suggest swapping one of them out for a synonym :)

## Commercial Open Source

> Cozy Coder is an open source project and I wouldn't develop it, if it wasn't. But with the end of zero interest rate policy, sponsoring as a strategy to fund an open source project has become more difficult.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cozy Coder is an open source project, and I wouldn't develop it if it wasn't. But with the end of zero interest rate policy, sponsoring as a strategy to fund an open source project has become more difficult.
```

Move comma :)

> That's why the goal is to have a more sustainable financing strategy by building a for-profit business on top of the open source project. This will be achieved by following the open core approach. While Cozy Coder itself will be available under Apache-2.0 license and can be used for free, the server side code will be licensed under a Polyform non-commercial license. While it still allows personal or educational use and even code modification, the commercial use requires a paid license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why the goal is to have a more sustainable financing strategy by building a for-profit business on top of the open source project. This will be achieved by following the open core approach. While Cozy Coder itself will be available under Apache-2.0 license and can be used for free, the server side code will be licensed under a Polyform non-commercial license. Thus, it still allows personal or educational use and even code modification, the commercial use requires a paid license.
```

Double sentences using `while` transition word. I replaced it with one that seemed to fit. Feel free to swap it out :)

## Follow the development

> I am just starting with the development now, but if you are interested in the project, feel free to follow its progress or even contribute to it. Here are some options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am just starting with the development now and if you are interested in the project, feel free to follow its progress or even contribute to it. Here are some options:
```
